hi I'm Christy welcome back to 52 weeks
of beauty today's video is going to be
how to start your own hair extension
business I started my own hair extension
company in 2009 it's miss flirty hair
extensions and I will be starting
another YouTube channel soon just for
Miss flirty and that channel will be
dedicated to really just all the
information about my brand and pictures
and inventory and things like that but
for now I wanted to put a video out
there to answer some questions you guys
might have it had some girls email in
asking how did I start my business and
if I could give them any tips and I
haven't emailed them back and I printed
out one of my responses right here to
one of the girls and there's a lot of
steps that I put in there and I figured
that it would be easier to go ahead and
list all of the steps really quickly for
you guys that just want to know just you
know kind of an idea about how to do it
and if you are really serious about
starting a hair extension business I'm
gonna do a follow-up video to this and
maybe even one more depending on how
long it takes me to say everything I'm
really going into detail about all of
these steps that I'm just gonna lightly
touch on right now and I just wanted to
say that this isn't something that I'm
like oh my gosh this is top secret like
don't share this with anybody this is
your thing you know I don't think that
way I think that if you're passionate
about hair extensions or wigs or opening
up your own business you're going to
figure it out and I mean I did and if I
can help you make it just a little bit
easier or answer some questions before
you get started then by all means I'm so
happy to help and yeah so I actually
wrote down about 11 things let's go
ahead and get started let me know if you
have any questions leave it in a comment
below and I'll definitely try to answer
those for you as well ok the first step
is you need to come up with a brand name
for your product and after you do that I
would suggest going to a trademark
search site and make sure that that
brand name is available in your specific
category and we're going to talk about
trademarking at the end of this list
ok but just to see if it's available
before you start going into all the
other stuff
number three is to create a tagline for
your products you don't have to but I
just think it's something special to do
if you can for example my company name
like I said miss party hair extensions
the tagline is let your hair drive him
crazy not you and my fiance came up with
that and I was just like obsessed with
it I was like it's so cute so maybe he
because he feels that way as I Drive him
crazy with hair I don't know but I
thought it was so cute and that is my
tagline number four is to get a business
license and you can just go to google
and type in how to apply for a business
license in your state and it will talk
you through how to do that and number
five is to figure out exactly what type
of product you want to sell you know
what hair extension type color you know
all of that number six is to go to a
global trade site there's Alibaba
Aliexpress DHgate any of those global
trade sites where you are connected to
other countries other manufacturers even
manufacturers you know in your country
too but it's just it's a global site for
this sort of thing so on these global
trade sites you can find manufacturers
that manufacture your specific product
that you're searching for and you can
ask them for quotes you can ask them for
minimum order quantity how many of each
color style that sort of thing do you
need to order or will they require you
to order and you need to see if they can
make your package for you
so we'll talk about the design later but
can they print your hair extension
package as well as make your hair
extensions too and then you'd want to
get a minimum order quantity for those
packages as well because that will be a
separate price than just the extensions
the next step is to order and test
samples and you really really want to
take some time testing the samples and
making sure the quality is up to your
standards for what you want your brand
to be all about okay and then on my list
this is step eight it would be to create
a logo and a package design from a
graphic designer so a graphic designer
can make this for you and again I'll go
way into more detail later about that
but I'd only do want your logo you want
your entire package designed as well
number nine would be to order your hair
after you've selected your manufacturer
from your samples and you tested the
quality order your hair
and hopefully your manufacturer makes
the package for you as well so order
your hair in the package receive it and
let it be the happiest day ever because
it was such a great day for me when I
finally received my products in the mail
in the package with my design and logo
and tagline and all that so much fun and
the next step would be to trademark your
brand so when you trademark something
you have to trademark every three to
five years I think it is roughly I don't
remember the exact timeframe but you
have to reapply for a trademark so when
you apply for a trademark you need a
physical copy of your product packaging
so once I finally got my package in the
mail I had to take the card from the
package and mail it in with my
application I'm sure you probably could
take like a you know a copy of it or
something or a picture of it if it's
physically in your possession I'm not
exactly sure all the things that they
require but I just had an extra card
because I use some of the hair myself so
I just mailed that card not the hair
extensions into apply for my trademark
and I got my trademark and that was
another really exciting day and then the
last step which is step 11 is just start
selling and best of luck to you and I
think you'll do great and yeah it's
awesome it's so much fun and if you love
hair like I do then yeah it's just like
you get to play all day and that's you
know who would want to do that right
okay so I'm going to go ahead and do a
follow-up video to this going through
these steps in a lot more detail and
like I said that might be a two-part
series because this is pretty extensive
but I just want to put this out there
really quickly for you guys who want
something just like get to the point and
that's what I wanted to do here so I
hope you guys have a great week and I'll
see you again real